# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

Utilizing an API to create modular and more readable code is a great strategy because it separates concerns. By extracting logic away from the frontend, it allows the frontend code to focus on its main job which is providing an interface for the user to interact with and dispalying the data in a visually appealing and useful format. The API had functions for each database interaction (create, read, update, and delete) so that all the necessary interactions could be done through the API. Writing documentation for the code in the form of a README file and code comments allows other developers to easily create a development environment and contribute to the codebase quickly. It also covers the purpose of the project so that exploring developers and users can quickly see what and who the project is for and if it solves their problem. 

Approaching problems as a computer scientist for me involves analyzing requirements such as the purpose of the software and what it needs to accomplish for its users. Once this is known, different solutions to the problem can be thought of and pros and cons can be weighed. Once a decision is made for the solution, different approaches for implementing this solution can be analyzed. Oftentimes it is difficult to forsee problems that will be had when attempting the implementation, so it is helpful to code up a fast working prototype to make sure I am on the right track. This prototype can then be iterated on until the product is ready for users. There are many benefits of software engineering on society and what computer scientists do is beneficial to businesses in many ways. Software like this project streamlines workflows and increases worker efficiency. Software can also increase customer satisfaction by creating a better user experience and allow customers to interact with the business in more accessible and efficient ways. The benefits that software that computer scientists create stretches into every domain. Medical software has and will continue to save and extend lives, and software enables medical researchers to make breakthroughs. Electronic warface protects our country and its citizens from foreign threats and keeps our economy competitive in the international technological landscape.
